#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
arrow==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
astroid==2.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   delorean
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via exchangelib
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via django-helusers
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   social-auth-core
daemonize==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
database-sanitizer==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-sanitized-dump
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
delorean==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-json-editor
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-jinja
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-munigeo-turku
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-solo
    #   django-taggit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-yasg
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-admin-json-editor==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.52.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-image-cropping
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-grappelli==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hstore==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-image-cropping==1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jinja==2.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-mptt
django-jsonform==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modeltranslation==0.18.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo-turku
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-munigeo-turku==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo-turku
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo-turku
django-reversion==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sanitized-dump==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt[crypto]==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via exchangelib
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   pytest
exchangelib==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==17.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   factory-boy
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwkest
humanize==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   delorean
icalendar==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
iso8601==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via exchangelib
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
    #   django-jinja
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   swagger-spec-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
    #   python-docx
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ntlm-auth==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecation
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.13.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwkest
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.15.0
    # via exchangelib
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint-django
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pyspnego==0.8.0
    # via requests-ntlm
pytest==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   delorean
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   icalendar
python-docx==0.8.11
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   delorean
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   icalendar
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   database-sanitizer
    #   django-munigeo-turku
    #   django-sanitized-dump
    #   swagger-spec-validator
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo-turku
    #   exchangelib
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-cache==0.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo-turku
requests-ntlm==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   exchangelib
    #   social-auth-core
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   database-sanitizer
    #   django-munigeo-turku
    #   django-sanitized-dump
    #   ecdsa
    #   isodate
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tendo
    #   url-normalize
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
swagger-spec-validator==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tendo==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
typed-ast==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   pylint
    #   swagger-spec-validator
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   delorean
    #   exchangelib
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
xlsxwriter==3.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
